README.md, before:

# DD2480-Group31: Decide

## Program Description: Decide 
Decide is a java class with a method DECIDE() that will generate a boolean signal which determines wheter an interceptor should be launched based upon input radar tracking information. The logic follows the requirements as specified in [this](https://canvas.kth.se/courses/37918/files/6157550/download?wrap=1) document.

## Running:
Requires java version 8 or higher to build the project with Gradle and tests the implemenation with JUnit.
To build and run the tests locally use:
#### ./gradlew build

Running the individual tests can be done in an IDE supporting Gradle test-structure. 


## Statement of contributions
#### Sebastian Veijalainen:
- LICs 2(revised), 4 and 11
- Tests for LICs 2, 4, 11
- Code reviews
- Decide-function code revision and tests

#### Samuel Falk: 
- LICs 6, 10, and 13
- Bug-fixes in LICs 0 and 1
- Tests for LICs 0, 1, 6, 10, 13
- Tests for the decide function
- Setup issues
- Code reviews
- Some helper function and a utility class we didn't use

#### Jonas Sävås:
- Continous Integration setup (Gradle and GitHub Actions)
- Initial code/test skeleton
- LICs 8, 9 and 12 with tests for each 
- Bug-fixes for LIC5 with tests
- Collaboration for Decide-function tests
- Code reviews

#### Simon Blom:
- Implemented LIC7 function with corresponding tests
- Implemented the LIC14 function with corresponding tests
- Implemented the entire DECIDE function

 #### Zilong Nan (dropped the course):
 - Initial implementation for LICs 0, 1, 2, 3 and 5.

Commit message:

Issue#101 doc, added Way of Working to README

README.md, after:

# DD2480-Group31: Decide

## Program Description: Decide 
Decide is a java class with a method DECIDE() that will generate a boolean signal which determines wheter an interceptor should be launched based upon input radar tracking information. The logic follows the requirements as specified in [this](https://canvas.kth.se/courses/37918/files/6157550/download?wrap=1) document.

## Running:
Requires java version 8 or higher to build the project with Gradle and tests the implemenation with JUnit.
To build and run the tests locally use:
#### ./gradlew build

Running the individual tests can be done in an IDE supporting Gradle test-structure.

## Way of Working:
We would put ourselves somewhere between “Foundation established” and “In use” for our current state. We have certain standards, tools, and workflows that we’ve agreed upon and that all group members utilize for their work. We have also reached a relatively productive state where all members can operate individually in parallel. However, everything is still not 100% clear and we have continuous discussion about various ways of organizing the work/workflow to be more productive. 



## Statement of contributions
#### Sebastian Veijalainen:
- LICs 2(revised), 4 and 11
- Tests for LICs 2, 4, 11
- Code reviews
- Decide-function code revision and tests

#### Samuel Falk: 
- LICs 6, 10, and 13
- Bug-fixes in LICs 0 and 1
- Tests for LICs 0, 1, 6, 10, 13
- Tests for the decide function
- Setup issues
- Code reviews
- Some helper function and a utility class we didn't use

#### Jonas Sävås:
- Continous Integration setup (Gradle and GitHub Actions)
- Initial code/test skeleton
- LICs 8, 9 and 12 with tests for each 
- Bug-fixes for LIC5 with tests
- Collaboration for Decide-function tests
- Code reviews

#### Simon Blom:
- Implemented LIC7 function with corresponding tests
- Implemented the LIC14 function with corresponding tests
- Implemented the entire DECIDE function

 #### Zilong Nan (dropped the course):
 - Initial implementation for LICs 0, 1, 2, 3 and 5.
